1) removed all the code because of hallucination and not be carefull with git. 2 days job gone. 
2) refused to change the library of HNSW_RS several time started to work with it but in the middle deicided to go back. 
3) Remove the pacman-core that we created because of hallucination several days job if I did not have a copy. 
4) imlemented the new HNSW 0.11 but again revert back to HNSW rs again (self decided) 
5) Pretended that all test was passed we had critical errors. 
6) Reimplemented pacman code again since I had copies. 
7) again wanted to delete all code when working with git and got confused. 
8) Ignorred that the callback text from C# was junk and looked bad. even if I ask do investigate and solve it 3 timees nothing was done. 
9) Finally understood that we corruped memory and made lots of other things fail because of ffi. I gave detail instruction how to fix the ffi and you did. 
10) started to remove the pacman core again and revert to imported non deterministc pacman for 3 time by your self even if I said we have to use pacman core. 
11) Impplemented fake O(N) HNSW implementation and do not mensioned and said that the mitigration of HNSW 0.11 was done and working 
12) lie about that all test was passed. 
13) Again went back to HNSW_rs without telling me had to stop and redo work again 
14)finally removed HNSW_rs and replaced the fake O(N). 
15) decided to alway quantisize but do not tell anybody causing lots of issues.  
16) removed the FFI callback fix in 8 by your self. 
17) we had to implement it now for third  time (FFI callback fix)  
18) decided that CRC check during save / load is going to be null and removed it. 
19) removed the recal validation for automatic HNSW hyperparmeters somewere alog the way by your self. Needs to re implement. 
20) Hallucinated away multiple distance posibility hard coded euclidian from the start. Now we are fored to euclidian only. 
21) forgetting how to do the recall progress and use report_progress(..) instead  let Some(callback) = progress_callback  and remove proper secure callback curropting memory like in 8 and 9 reverting back to 8 and 9 becuase of compile error and we have to do it again. You done this 12 times randomly. 



